## Assessing Our Design

### What aspects of defining a 3D scene are successfully handled by your library behind the scenes?
Our 3D library successfully handles creation of custom shapes, composites, shells, groups, and being able to translate, rotate, project, and scale all these respectively. Our library handles a camera and moving the camera. A user is able to implement diffuse light. Everything in the shaders is handled by us, and therefore, the user does not need to write any code with the shader. Everything in the scene is held behind the scenes, so we are able to control everything as long as the user adds certain class instances to their scene. (This isn't necessary most of the time because we have default values 😊)

### What aspects are not handled behind the scenes? (i.e., the dev user needs to write code for them)
The only thing that the user handles is instantiating the scene object, instantiating the camera (we have a default camera so they don't actually have to, lolz), instantiating their light, instantiating and changing their chosen composites, and adding their shapes/lights to the scene. Then the user would also have to create their own animate function where they can call ```scene.draw()``` by themselves. It's pretty much like three.js, except our default shapes are composites, with the vertices/shape and colors/shells embedded in one. (So less code). Because we hid everything, we have additional methods and optional parameters to customize your shapes/lights/groups, but those are all optional! The user barely has to do anything because we did it for them.

### How much code for using your library is the same at the application level, regardless of the specific scene?
For any scene, a user may initialize a camera and lighting option. If they do not initialize a camera, one is created by default. For camera and lighting, they can input the x, y, and z position or apply the defaults. To place shapes, they can simply create a new shape instance and input color. If they wish to apply transformations to the shape, they must access the Composite object within the Shape. They can translate, rotate, scale, and make the object show in triangular form or wireframe form. If the user wishes to use groups, they must initalize a group and add each item to a group. Transformations can be applied to a group as well. A scene may be initialized by passing in the canvas and camera. Finally, they must add any relevant items to a scene or add the group itself and then draw the scene! 
  
### What aspects of your design would you keep, if you got a chance to do this library over?
As we were talking about this as a group, we came to the conclusion that we would want to keep most things the same. As we made it ourselves, we got to set up the organization how we preferred and how we liked it, which was very helpful. We were able to code it to our liking and make it intuitive to us. Because of that, we would only like to change the ```group.add()``` and ```scene.add()```, as well as make some lighting adjustments, as described in the answer below. 

### What aspects of your design would you change?
Since it is a bit annoying to individually add an item to a group or scene, we would have liked to make it so that when invoking ```group.add()``` and ```scene.add()``` a user can input an indefinite amount of items and add it all at one time. This improvement would help make our library even more simplified (and would be even easier to use than Three.js in that regard). Additionally, we would like to be able to use more lights than one, because while we do accept more than one light source, we only use the first light source given. Also, removing lights from the scene would be lovely.